ray
Once I became an audience for the term of Your Lordship,
I slip into a bondage of love.
But if having such a setting heart
He has a disordered heart
As my wife
He could only hear herself
A leech
The water's bubbles...
...are the cause of the problem.
If it's a problem,
the teacher will be in trouble.
There are two hearts, and one body.
What should I do? What should I do?
I'm worried about it, but...
...no matter how much I try,
I can't go out.
Please forgive me, my lord.
I'll go up there.
I'll come down from the cage and go back.
What's the matter?
You can go out.
I'm sorry for the teacher.
There's no discrimination.
I don't like students.
Please don't stop.
I'm sorry.